Misc. editorial changes set2 to -v14 (#1222)
moq-wg/moq-transport: draft-ietf-moq-transport.md

Every object within a Group belongs to exactly one Subgroup.

When Objects are transported in a stream that is not a response to a FETCH, Objects

> from two subgroups cannot be sent on the same stream, and Objects from the

Reviewer: This referenced section in my suggestion defines a subscription: https://moq-wg.github.io/moq-transport/draft-ietf-moq-transport.html#name-subscriptions.  The intro and other sections in the draft might need updating, but I intend for "subscription" to mean "a flow of objects initiated via the SUBSCRIBE or PUBLISH messages".

Most MOQT control messages contain a session specific Request ID.  The Request
ID correlates requests and responses, allows endpoints to update or terminate
ongoing requests, and supports the endpoint's ability to limit the concurrency
and frequency of requests.  Request IDs for one endpoint increment independently
from those sent by the peer endpoint.  The client's Request ID starts at 0 and
are even and the server's Request ID starts at 1 and are odd.  The Request ID
increments by 2 with each FETCH, SUBSCRIBE, SUBSCRIBE_UPDATE,
SUBSCRIBE_NAMESPACE, PUBLISH, PUBLISH_NAMESPACE or TRACK_STATUS request.
Other messages with a Request ID field reference the Request ID of another

> message for correlation. If an endpoint receives a Request ID that is not valid
> for the peer, or a new request with a Request ID that is not expected, it MUST
> close the session with `INVALID_REQUEST_ID`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
message for correlation. If an endpoint receives a Request ID that is not valid
for the peer, or a new request with a Request ID that has already been used or
exceeds MAX_REQUEST_ID, it MUST close the session with `INVALID_REQUEST_ID`.
```

|------|------------|------------------------------------------------------|

> * Token Alias - a Session-and-endpoint-specific integer identifier that references

Reviewer 3: Just trying to understand the context behind this change a bit more. How are we defining end-point in this case ?
I am not sure if this is purely editorial change , should we create a different PR ?

Author: Thanks Suhas for reviewing the changes. It was intended to be a purely editorial change. Discussions for this change are herein:
- https://github.com/moq-wg/moq-transport/issues/1211#issuecomment-3271533610
- https://github.com/moq-wg/moq-transport/issues/1211#issuecomment-3271637151
- https://github.com/moq-wg/moq-transport/issues/1211#issuecomment-3271679654
- https://github.com/moq-wg/moq-transport/issues/1211#issuecomment-3271726301
- https://github.com/moq-wg/moq-transport/issues/1211#issuecomment-3271750976

Author: OK

The MAX_AUTH_TOKEN_CACHE_SIZE parameter (Parameter Type 0x04) communicates the
maximum size in bytes of all actively registered Authorization tokens that the

> endpoint is willing to store per Session. This parameter is optional. The default

Reviewer 3: isn't this server only state ?

Author: The discussions for this change are:
- https://github.com/moq-wg/moq-transport/issues/1211#issuecomment-3271725266
- https://github.com/moq-wg/moq-transport/issues/1211#issuecomment-3271729495

* Group Order: Indicates the subscription will be delivered in
  Ascending (0x1) or Descending (0x2) order by group. See {{priorities}}.
  Values of 0x0 and those larger than 0x2 are a protocol error. This
  overwrites the GroupOrder specified in the PUBLISH this message is

>   replying to.

Author: The original sentence is "This overwrites the GroupOrder specified PUBLISH." The changed sentence is "This overwrites the GroupOrder specified in the PUBLISH this message is replying to."

To me, the original sentence is incomplete. At least "specified PUBLISH" should be changed to "specified in the  PUBLISH".

But in any case, you editors decide.

>   replying to.

Author: Looks good.

the Object {{priorities}}.

* Object Forwarding Preference: An enumeration indicating how a publisher sends
an object. The preferences are Subgroup and Datagram.  Note that the Original
Publisher determines the Forwarding Preference for the entire Track, and is a

> Track property that is implicitly signaled by the delivery of any Object using

Reviewer 2: The forwarding preference is only implicitly signaled?  That feels odd, but nothing to fix in this PR.

either Subgroups or Datagrams. Once the property is established for one Object

> of a Track, the same value MUST be used for all Objects of the Track.

Author: The following sentence is equivalent, isn't it?

> Once the property is established for one Object of a Track, the same value MUST be used for all Objects of the Track.

And the original sentence has an issue with the very first Object to be sent, as for that Object, the OP determines the value of the Forwarding Preference, not the other way around that the sending needs to follow the Forwarding Preference value.

> of a Track, the same value MUST be used for all Objects of the Track.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
of a Track, the same value MUST be used for all Objects of the Track.
In a subscription, an Object MUST be sent according to its `Object Forwarding
Preference`.
```

> of a Track, the same value MUST be used for all Objects of the Track.

Reviewer: I retained the original sentence without adding Relays for now. Maybe a subsequent PR can move this to the relay section, but I wanted to ensure this was editorial.

> of a Track, the same value MUST be used for all Objects of the Track.

Author: OK, thanks! Let me flag this in another issue to avoid it being easily forgotten.
